you're like so cool thank you one girl
did I want then she was like I can't
watch bringing a videotape she was like
viddy safest even like that if you
started videotaping them blow that is so
pissed does everyone treat your attic
like I won't be able to watch it yeah
you videotape me well I go you hide and
cry ok home this ok ok ok ocean ability
looking there we go for differences that
night friend got here goes like a bloody
yeah yeah oh my girl man Kosta I thought
picking up her game happy that I was
bleeding with me that's a cowboy all
right sweetheart I need to just take a
big deep breath the next time will be
level be ok
leave me breathless that's it three
little less diversity
oh he breast man
exhale
well people system
see some friends they're so proud of you
we love you Sarah that's my girl yet oh
yeah hurting 10 Yankees here yes victory
tears let me see it and if I nichette
believe that's my girl oh my that's so
excited me your next gonna sit there and
relax on their chin you hit for me let's
see tears in there oh I never see her
with this in her face let's see so you
can know